---
layout: post
title:  "[009] Pondering to Preselection!"
date:   2020-03-28 00:15:44 +0530
permalink: /posts/9
excerpt: Made up my mind, made the decision. It's official! Purple and White it is.
---
### Fitness Progress

For the first time in this break, I got up early and did Yoga. I felt proud. I plan to continue, and maybe also add other fitness activities to the routine.

### Pondering about my PhD (and pondering no more!)

It's official. I am joining Northwestern University for my PhD. To make it even more awesome, I am joining the Voorhees Research Group! Guess what? I even attended my first group meeting. Listening to the presentation, and observing the free flow of ideas and the encouraging discussion, I can't express how happy I am right now. When my friend asked me how I feel, I could only say "Unbelievable!" and I couldn't even tone it down.

After months of pondering, it's going to be pondering no more. I feel great now that I am on the other side of the decision. I still need to complete some more formalities. More than everything, I need to update my friends and well-wishers about my plans. But, I can do all that soon.

### Bonding

Spoke to many friends today! I spoke to people from Pittsburgh, Ann Arbor, Chennai, Chicago, Montreal, and who knows how many other cities! In the morning, the two calls were primarily about the PhD decision, the final call before the plunge in some sense. In the night, they were catching-up calls: one business as usual, and another for online pictionary! What an eventful and fun day! Talking to friends and laughing heartily is the best tonic for any sickness.

### COVID-19 Update

I don't have any specific updates from my side. I was occupied for most of the day, and hence didn't follow the news much. Everyday, I wake up to the NYT Coronavirus newsletter, and there are almost always a few grim stories. I heard that the USA now has the highest number of active cases compared to all other countries. I also got first hand information about the situation in Pennsylvania and Illinois. No matter what happens, the entire world is in it together.
