---
layout: post
title:  "[005] Starting the Tamil Journey"
date:   2020-03-23 22:15:44 +0530
permalink: /posts/5
excerpt: Because of the new script, I feel "literate" in a whole new sense of the word!
---
### Reading Progress

As predicted, I finished the book. This was the first book I finished in 2020 (March is a bit late for a first). The book was good. But somehow I was able to anticipate the end. It doesn't usually happen in an Agatha Christie book for me. But it was enjoyable nevertheless. I might re-read the book to observe it better eventually.

I also spent some time sorting through the books I brought from my hostel room. I still need to organise these books in shelves, and I will do that over the next few days.

### Learning Tamil

After deep discussions about how it's important that we knew our native language better (I have never learnt Tamil officially), today we took the plunge. We're starting with Ponniyin Selvan, a very famous Tamil classic. The plan is to read a little bit everyday. On top of this, I am also starting Tamil lessons from official Tamil textbooks. I feel good that this project has started. I aim to keep going.

### COVID-19 Update

Today was a mixed day. Some new developments are downright disheartening. The total count in India hovered around 430 for most of today, but shot up to over 470 by the end of the day. The city I live in (Coimbatore) reported its second case today.

Although the numbers are scary, there are things that are even more scary. Some people are uncooperative either because of panic or because of nonchalance. After the voluntary lockdown yesterday, some people carried on with life as if nothing was going on. But, there was something even more saddening. The TN Government has ordered that the entire state is going into lockdown starting tomorrow evening, a bold move, but it seems necessary, and maybe it will do good in the long run. But it definitely caused mayhem in the short run. Many people staying away from their hometowns started a mass exodus from big cities to their homes far away. This has led to clogging of roads, and more importantly, huge crowds in public transport. No one knows how much damage this has caused so far.

Domestic passenger flights are going to stop plying from tomorrow. Looks like we are all supposed to just sit wherever we are and wait for things to get better, and hope that everyone else does the same thing because we are all in this together. If some of us are not careful, it's going to cause a lot of trouble for all of us.
