---
layout: post
title:  "[008] Conversations and Cooking"
date:   2020-03-26 23:10:44 +0530
permalink: /posts/8
excerpt: Talking to the right people definitely reassures the mind.
---
### Pondering about my PhD (and bonding in the process)

When I started the process of applying for PhDs, there were many questions that I didn't have the answers to. To help me search for the answers, I reached out to some friends. I had a lot of help from these people. One big takeaway was that sometimes the people who could potentially become really close friends may have escaped your notice until you start talking about things that both of you are inspired by. I discovered a friend like this in November 2019, and today, I had a deep discussion (mostly on life, partly about my PhD decision) and came out feeling very satisfied.

Talking to the right people, and answering their valid questions has helped me to understand that opting to go to Northwestern is the best option for me. I have made up my mind unofficially. I will finish the formalities to make it official very soon. I am very excited!

### Cooking Progress

One of the goals for this break is to learn cooking. To initiate the process, I watched my grandmother cook today. Observing her handle everything from mixing spices to chopping onions to boiling vegetables in a cooker has made me understand that there are a lot of things that I will have to learn which cannot always be taught. It might only come with experience, but I need to be prepared.

### Reading Progress

I continued reading "Word by Word". Today's chapter made me question the foundations of my love for English. But towards the end of the chapter, I regained some hope that my love is indeed justified. I do admit that I need some more time to solidify my stance.

### COVID-19 Update

The number of confirmed new cases in India has consistently been 50 to 90 per day, and today's total count is close to 700. Some people say that this number heavily underestimates the actual numbers (which are probably over 5000) but there's no real proof for such claims. The Finance Ministry has announced some relief measures for the poor, but I think this is the first of a series of announcements. For now, I've reached some sort of status quo at home, and I am getting used to the lockdown life.
