---
layout: post
title:  "[030] Creating the RG Form"
date:   2020-04-18 23:40:20 +0530
permalink: /posts/30
postdated: April 17, 2020
excerpt: Marking a year since the same exercise last year, let's see what happens this year.
---

### Tamil Progress
Finally sat down and completed all the lessons in the second term book (Standard 2). I am making decent progress in terms of reading, I am slow but I am accurate on most occasions. I need to improve my spelling.

### Bonding
I tried to "connect" with people on LinkedIn, hoping that someday I will get to build a strong connection of peers. I also tried to explain my project goals at home. It was a thought provoking exercise. Later, I decided to download some NCERT English books to start English lessons at home.

I also had a big discussion with my friends to make what is called a "RG Form". It is a medium through which people look back and reminisce and share memorable stories. It brings nostalgia and acts as a goodbye gift as we all graduate and part ways. Last year, I did this in some form. We repeated most of the questions from last year, and added cool GIFs from popular fandoms.

### Research Progress
I was passively monitoring the big jobs and I found (to my dismay) that there was a problem. I sought inputs and then I tried to fix it later at night. However, there were so many errors and I had very little energy reserve, so I decided to sleep and continue later.

### Fitness Progress
After a day's gap, I restarted the morning routine from where I left it off.

### COVID-19 Update
While some part of the world wants to get up and get going soon, some anticipate that delays will happen till February 2021. If that ends up happening, then many of us will start our next journey with some delay. After three days of decline in new cases, TN new cases rose up today. Is this indicative of a resurgence or is it indicative of flattening?
