---
layout: post
title:  "[040] Creating Tough Questions"
date:   2020-05-01 00:30:00 +0530
permalink: /posts/40
postdated: April 27, 2020
excerpt: Making questions is tough, tougher than even answering them.
---

### Fitness Progress
I increased the intensity of the morning workout to 75%. It feels like it's tending towards its full capacity now. I started at 50%, so in reality, it's not that much of a tune up, but it's progress nevertheless.

### Courses Progress
I spent most of today preparing questions for the course I am a TA for. I wracked my brains again, and by midnight, I had most of the questions ready. I sent it to one of my friends to review, and the discussions that followed were useful. I also participated in one of the assessments as a test subject, but the results were very poor. I felt a bit abashed.

### PhD Preparation
I attended an online seminar at Northwestern University. I also met my future advisor virtually, and it was fun to participate quietly and lurk. This is very different from my usual attitude. I am confident that once I finish the requirements at IITM, I'd feel like participating with more visibility.

### Bonding
We started the Harry Potter series with "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (2001)" today. It was a fun experience to pause and give helpful trivia. We are trying to reduce such interventions because they can be annoying!

### COVID-19 Update
The number of new cases everyday seems to have become steady in Tamil Nadu at around 50. Perhaps this is suggestive of good times that are coming?
