---
layout: post
title:  "[007] A Grant Proposal"
date:   2020-03-26 01:32:44 +0530
permalink: /posts/7
excerpt: My fear of grant proposals was unfounded; not anymore.
---
### Pondering about my PhD (& actually doing something about it)

I talked to a couple of my friends today to use them as a sounding board for my thoughts. The result? I am very close to my decision! I also got the opportunity to read a grant proposal today. I gave it a lot of attention, and it felt good to be able to do that (yes, it's been a while since I read a research paper because most of my project entails coding for now). I also am excited about how everything is lining up: is it possible that I might get to work with someone I thought I wouldn't get to work with? If yes, fantastic!

### Bonding

I spent sometime spreading my knowledge of online payment interfaces (of course I would know, I have been spending so much money over the past couple of months). I do admit that my knowledge was put to some good use. I also ended up subscribing to Netflix today. It was a whimsical decision that my father and I made, but we ended up watching what is probably the best movie in the catalogue: "Andhadhun (2018)". It was good fun.

### Learning Tamil

After today's lessons, my instructor for the day (my mother) told me that I was learning quickly! I probably beamed as much as I had beamed when my class teacher told me something like this when I actually was in 1st standard (if you didn't get the joke, it's because I have been consciously hiding the fact that I am now learning from the 1st standard Tamil textbook).

### COVID-19 Update

Today was the first day of the 21 day lockdown that was announced yesterday, but it was business as usual at home. We haven't been doing anything outside our home anyway. There were over 70 new cases in India today (taking the total to over 600). Things continue to stay more or less the same, maybe this is better than exponential worsening (?).
