---
layout: post
title:  "[010] The Off-Day"
date:   2020-03-29 01:12:44 +0530
permalink: /posts/10
excerpt: That one day where you lose enthusiasm and feel a bit down is here.
postdated: March 28, 2020
---

### Reading Progress

Read more of Word by Word. Today was mostly about dialects, and how sometimes words that sound wrong (like *irregardless*) are actually quite nuanced. I am loving this book.

### Fitness Progress

I didn't do Yoga, but did walk around and sing to old Karaoke hits at the same time. I would count that as exercise.

### (Not really) Pondering about my PhD

I told a few more of my friends about my decision. Most of them already anticipated the turn of events; some were intrigued (shocked?) about my choice. I didn't defend. Instead, I stated facts without adding drama. Basically, it made people stop asking me more (at least to my face). I filled up the official survey from Northwestern, and I think I was happy that I had already considered everything that are typically expected to be considered.

### Bonding

Watching a movie with people is always good fun. Today's movie: "Unknown (2011)". It was quite exhilarating. At night, I played a game of online Catan with two bots and a friend. I lost, but that's okay.

### COVID-19 Update

I heard that there is a case quite close to home. This isn't reason to panic, but it sure is more scary now that it's so close. We must take good care of ourselves, and mustn't feel safe simply because we are at home. It's time to start getting more paranoid again. The total number of cases in India is now over 850. I think the numbers will shoot up more.
