---
layout: post
title:  "[004] Janata Curfew"
date:   2020-03-22 23:55:44 +0530
permalink: /posts/4
excerpt: India was in total lockdown, spent time with family.
---
### Reading Progress

Surprisingly, although I reached the "tipping point" in the book, I was unable to finish the book because of other distractions. I did make more progress than the last two days though, and I think I will finish the book by tomorrow.  

### Connecting with People

During these testing times, the only thing that has emerged repeatedly is that people all over the world are starting to value each other's company. At our house, we dusted off some old board games and spent some time playing "Business", the Indian version of Monopoly. We also watched an old Tamil movie "Jeans (1998)" together and had a good time.

Later in the day, I spent some time connecting with friends in other cities (and countries!) over video call. We tried playing online versions of games that can usually be played together (to moderate success). We are hoping that we can find better online resources to make the experience more enjoyable.  

### COVID-19 Update

The numbers in India shot up to over 370, and we saw the biggest rise in new cases in a day. However, the whole of India was on lockdown to observe "Janata Curfew". Earlier in the day, I did see people moving around freely, but later on, it was seen that most people did abide by the norms of the voluntary lockdown.

At 5 PM, whole of India clapped hands and rang bells and sirens to salute the heroes who are standing at the front-lines to fight the coronavirus outbreak. While it wasn't a huge success in the apartment complex I live in, we did hear some clapping and cheering at a distance. It was heartening to see the response from other parts of the city and the country though. People standing on balconies and cheering for the collective good was supposed to be a bonding exercise I think, and it had partial success at least.

Overall, I am not sure how things are going to turn out. But, we are all still hoping that we somehow can beat the odds and that they won't go too bad.
