---
layout: post
title:  "[006] Setting up the Bookshelves"
date:   2020-03-24 23:45:44 +0530
permalink: /posts/6
excerpt: No amount of bookshelf space is ever enough?
postdated: March 24, 2020
---
### Organising Books

I had brought back nearly all (I think all) of my books from my hostel room. I set them up in the bookshelves at home. It was quite a task given that they come in all sizes. Moreover, I also had papers and notebooks to organise. So far, I haven't sorted the books (I'm thinking I'll do it genre based). I will do that one shelf at a time.

### Reading Progress

Started reading the second book of the break - "Word by Word" by Kory Stamper. I have two copies of the book: one I bought, and one gifted to me by my friend because he felt I was "the first and only person" he thought of when he saw the book. It's about words and about the life of a lexicographer. I have finished two chapters and it has been a delightful read so far!

### Learning Tamil

Today, I learnt some more words and alphabets. It has been a nice (and simple) journey so far because it's not like I know nothing, and so far it's mostly been a recap.

### Pondering about my PhD

I spent some time going through faculty profiles at Caltech. I also went through the resources provided by MIT. As I sit down and think, I notice that there are a lot of philosophy differences when it comes to different schools. And, naturally, it also depends on the individual faculty member. It's hard to make "logical" decisions when the options seem very different: how does one compare apples and oranges? Then it dawns that the choice doesn't matter as much as what I do after I make a choice (no matter how many times it dawns, it's still fresh every time it dawns). So, how do I make a choice? And, we're back to square one. Or are we? Are there things I value innately that I will later regret not giving more importance to now?

### COVID-19 Update

Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced that the entire country will be in total lockdown for the next 21 days. That's a long time, but I think it is necessary. We are all going to hope that this (somewhat) extreme step will curb the crisis. However, some details are unclear: what will daily wage workers do? Are we going to have more economic relief norms? We need more information.
