---
layout: post
title:  "[003] Where to go for a PhD?"
date:   2020-03-21 23:39:44 +0530
excerpt: Organising virtual meetings and pondering.
---

### Pondering about my PhD

I haven't mentioned this before yet, but I hope to start my graduate studies at the US soon. I have some offers of admission from some of the top schools (including MIT, Caltech, Georgia Tech, Northwestern), and I am trying to reach out to potential advisors and make my decision on where I want to go.

In this regard, I had a couple of meetings today (virtual ones, of course), and now I have some more information about the schools. I have started to think about what I value most and what I want from my graduate school experience. Am I comfortable with a small research group or would I prefer a larger group with more peer learning? How hands-on or hands-off do I want my advisor to be? Am I inclined towards fundamental science and research or am I leaning towards applications and potential commercialisation? Do I care about the weather and climate in the city I am going to live in? How safe are the neighbourhoods around the campus? How easy or difficult is it going to be to find avenues to continue to stay in touch with the culture I grew up in? Do I care about how much of "extra-curricular" activities I might get to do? All of these are important questions, and there are no right or wrong answers. But, I do need to answer these for myself.

I am going to be a bit more organised about this decision. There are some upcoming virtual open houses. Hopefully, I'll be prepared for them, and I will be able to make an informed decision.

### Reading Progress

I have started reading "The Murder of Roger Ackroyd" and the start was a bit slow. However, I'm making steady progress. I think I will reach the typical "point of no return" of any Agatha Christie book soon, and once I reach that tipping point, I'll finish the book in that same sitting! 

### COVID-19 Update

The numbers in India have increased (close to 300 now), and we are exactly at that point where community transmission could potentially start soon. A part of me wonders if we're already there, but I hope that given we don't have proof that we're there yet, we are able to somehow avoid the community transmission stage by following strict quarantine measures.

I feel that the "Janata Curfew" that's scheduled to happen tomorrow will come at the right time, and that we're able to come together and capitalise on the fact that we already have data from other countries, and could plan ahead to avoid a tragedy. Then again, the answers to these concerns will only be provided by time.
