---
layout: post
title:  "[002] Reading Plans"
date:   2020-03-20 22:04:44 +0530
excerpt: The tracking sheet for my reading goals.
---

### Reading Progress

Ever since I heard about Thomas Frank's [reading accountability system](https://collegeinfogeek.com/25pages/){:target="_blank"}, I have been wanting to implement it in my life. So, I have made a sheet which I can use to track my reading progress (link is [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vTNBPS_v6iWKphkLI2sJ5VP91DHs0HaHp_3x7BBs1xobIIhNkgkYJmjdgdcr4PlF0x1BMgKnOXHc6l2/pubhtml?gid=1307999830&single=true){:target="_blank"}). For now, it only displays the title of the book and the number of pages I read per day, and I am not restricting it only to non-fiction like Thomas does. But, perhaps once I get going, I'll add more features and more constraints.

I haven't yet read many books that I've purchased over the past four to five years. On top of this, I also have loads of e-books that I have curated over the past few years. My goal for this break is to start a habit and get it rolling, where I read for at least one hour (on holidays) and half an hour (on working days).

> "So many books, so little time!"

Perhaps true, but there's time to read at least some books!

### COVID-19 Update

China seems to be getting better, with no new domestic cases today. However, India has reported the maximum number of new cases in a day, with the total count now going to 200+. Many of the states are already in partial lockdown, but my guess is that there will be a strict lockdown from Monday as soon as the trial lockdown (for Sunday) is over.

Personally, I came across a couple of hopeful and optimistic articles which highlight that the human spirit hasn't given up easily in such testing times in the past. So, we all can still keep fighting and keep hoping.
