---
layout: post
title:  "[011] I can read Tamil! "
date:   2020-03-30 01:48:44 +0530
permalink: /posts/11
excerpt: My speed has significantly shot up!
postdated: March 29, 2020
---
### Fitness Progress

I did Yoga again, and I also did some household chores that counted as exercise.

### Learning Tamil

Resumed my language learning after a mini break. Crossed a milestone by finishing the first among the books I have identified for the purpose! In the evening, I read some of the Tamil news headlines and I have definitely improved my speed over the past week.

### Bonding

Today's movie: "Ocean's 8 (2018)". I also spent time watching VSauce videos. As usual we did our usual evening bonding activity. But as an unusual bonding activity, I cleaned the house. Later in the day, I spoke to a couple of my friends. Hearing the accounts of different people has made me realise how lucky I am.

### (Not really) Pondering about my PhD

I finally gave in and watched a few videos of Northwestern University on YouTube; it was fun. I also watched some GaTech videos, and we had a discussion on how all of us at home approach decision making differently. It was an enlightening exercise.

### Reading Progress

I continued reading Word by Word. It is turning out to be a great read overall. While talking to my friend today, I promoted the book and he is now intrigued by the book and has promised to read it when he gets a chance.

### Cooking Progress

As a follow up to my earlier observation that observing is an integral part of learning, I observed the making of one of my favourite dishes of all time. I even contributed to the preparation, and this made me very satisfied.

### Writing Progress

Although I haven't made progress with the second blog I have been meaning to keep up with, I did write a small essay today. I used Typora to make it pretty.

### COVID-19 Update

The number of cases have shot up to 900s. I think India is preparing for the worst, I heard that there are hospitals being set up everywhere. I think this lockdown is just buying us time. But, some people are still nonchalant and are crowding up while buying groceries. The policemen are beating up people and coming up with other "innovative" punishments. It's all a bit sad.
